like camera action what is up you guys
it's OD and I'm back again with another
video so for today's video imma be doing
a review on really professional internet
person because this video is sponsored
by the one and only jennxpenn I'm
kidding no it's not but imma be doing
somewhat of a review on this book I'm
just gonna be saying like seven life
tips jennxpenn gave me through really
professional internet person let's go on
with the video tip number one it's not
that I don't want people to watch my
youtube videos I just wanted to keep my
youtube life separate from my real life
quote number two don't take it
personally and don't take it seriously
quote number three I think people's
actions demonstrate their characters
better than anything else quote number
four you have a place in it even if you
haven't found it yet quote number five
you never know when someone is gonna say
something that might actually be useful
quote number five do what you love and
the money will follow quote number seven
we are a community that works best when
we grow together those were the seven
tips from 10x fins book really
professional internet person if you want
to go download it on audible or buy it
you know whatever i'll have the link
down in the description box below so you
can get yourself a copy don't forget to
follow me on all my social media links
they're all down below or they're all at
OD Alonso Twitter Instagram musically
you know snapchat whatever you can think
of at OD Alonso right here we're down
below I want to give a huge thank you to
Hernando Cruz for letting me use the
music in this video his channel his
YouTube channel will be down below you
guys can go check them out and subscribe
to him and that is all for today's video
hopefully I'll see you next Thursday
with another video i want to start
uploading every thursday at four thirty
so
be there or be square because you won't
be around so see you guys next thursday
at four-thirty thank you